docs: document multi-field breakdown for ES|QL charts (#4956) (#6026)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/visualize/esorql.md

3. Return to the previous menu, then **Apply and close** the configuration to save your changes.

### Break down a chart by multiple fields [esql-viz-multi-field-breakdown]
```{applies_to}
stack: ga 9.4
serverless: ga
```

> On bar, line, and area charts backed by an {{esql}} query, the **Breakdown** dimension can hold more than one field at the same time. Each unique combination of values is rendered as its own series, with the values joined by a `›` separator in the legend.

Author: ```suggestion
On bar, line, and area charts built from an {{esql}} query, the **Breakdown** dimension can hold more than one field at the same time. Each unique combination of values is rendered as its own series, with the values joined by a `›` separator in the legend.
```

> When the query groups a metric by more than one field, {{kib}} places the first field on the **Horizontal axis** and the remaining fields in the **Breakdown** dimension. For example, the following query counts web log events over time, broken down by host and file extension:

Reviewer: This is correct today but will change soon, as we want to always put on the X the termporal dimension if exist, then all the other categorical dimension as color breakdown

Author: @markov00 good to know! how soon? (= should I merge this as is or wait?)
